>> Steve Kinney: So now, your mission.
We implemented Save Markdown.
Save Markdown had to know if they
had a current file, prompt them for
a new one if they didn't, and
then put that in place and open that file.
Export HTML is a subset of that.
Basically, no matter what, we want to
ask them where they wanna save it.
We don't need to reopen that file,
cuz it's the HTML,
it's not what our editor does.
So all we need to do in this case is
wire it up to the Save HTML button to
trigger the Show Save dialog,
let them choose a place.
Based on that choice, write a file to
the file system with that file name and
the HTML content.
If you need the HTML,
which you're gonna need, I mean,
you could call the marked library, but you
also have it in that DOM element, right?
You have it in that div
where we're rendering it.
So you could also just grab
the htmlView and grab its innerHTML,
and you'll also get the same content.
So it's up to you which
way you choose to do that.
I would just grab it.
If I already did the work, I would
just grab that output and use that.